hi everybody welcome to August it's
Saturday the first of august and i'm
going to have a look at what's coming up
for you on this stage tri-state of the
new month and this is always interesting
because the reading for the first day of
the first well the first day of the new
month is always kind of a good indicator
of what that much is going to be like so
let's have a look at the day and i'm
using the terror of the spirit world
today Oh in that boat well we've got a
very passionate kind of card there we've
got two lovers intertwined and I don't
know what she's doing exactly oh she's
the spirit can of oh she's probably the
one that's passed away and she's weeping
and mourning that and the the people who
are still alive have moved on with their
lives I don't really agree with that I
don't think people on the other side and
are not attached to their ego and you
know loved ones who have passed on I
really don't think that and they
begrudge us happiness on this planet I
think they really want to see us happy
and really I think she would really be
celebrating but in terms of the card and
itself it bodes really well because it
means that on this day and to some
extent in August there will be many
opportunities for you to express your
love to connect with people and with
things that you do care about and that
you enjoy and that you love and it's
going to be a really passionate and
exciting month for you and starting with
this day the next card is the queen of
Pentacles in reverse and that's
interesting this is a psychic she you've
got a crystal ball here she's a medium
really and she's connecting with spirits
from the other side I suppose it's in
reverse and what that means is that
you're not going to be so
focused on this the physical earthly
reality so much on this day you're more
concerned with the spiritual reality and
that's really wonderful because the
spiritual reality is where your love
comes from you know we think oh we see
in a beautiful man or woman and we're
like oh there we go away in love but the
feeling of love is within us and that
feeling is activated by certain things
but the love itself comes from spirit it
comes from source so this is really it
bodes very well that you're connecting
with your true self and because you're
connecting with your true self you have
access to all these wonderful loving
feelings and then finally we've got
temperance in Reverse temperance is
about balancing things out and and being
and cautious and trying things gently
before moving on before progressing I
should say rather than moving on it's in
reverse and what that means is there may
be some trepidation in terms of moving
forward specifically in a business sense
you may not be quite certain what you
should do in a work environment in a
work situation so problem may have come
up that you don't really know what to do
it the answer is the same thing as
finding what it is you love the same
answer to solving your problem is that
is to appeal to spirit the queen of
Pentacles this way around she would ask
her friends or she would and connect
with her family for the answers but
because it's in Reverse it's about
spirit it's about and the source
universe God having the answers and
giving you the strength so that you can
handle what it is you need to handle so
that's a really positive really because
it means that you have the means and the
ability to deal with whatever comes your
way that's wonderful because then you
don't have to fear anything because you
know you'll handle it we've got six
seven and 14 which is 21
two and one is three and three is about
expression okay so don't be afraid to
express yourself in one area ever area
of your life it is whether it's in the
wonderful loving area or whether it's in
the problematic area of not knowing what
you're doing business express your
feelings reach out for help it is
they're available for you I hope you
have a wonderful day I hope you have a
wonderful start to August if you'd like
a private reading with me please get in
touch by my website it's gregory scott
calm and remember to subscribe to the
channel have a great day and I'll speak
to you tomorrow
you